<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--<?xml-model href="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:rng:concept.rng" schematypens="http://relaxng.org/ns/structure/1.0"?>-->
<?xml-model href="urn:napsor:dita:rng:napsor-concept.rng" schematypens="http://relaxng.org/ns/structure/1.0"?>

<concept id="concept_ilb_vbn_rt">
  <title>Napsor Settings</title>
  <shortdesc>Napsor is a great app for a good work-life balance. It helps you make sure that you
    leave the office with a <b>fresh</b> mind, ready to <i>enjoy</i> your leisure time!</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>Napsor offers the following features:</p>
    <dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Snore Detector </dt>
        <dd>Ask Napsor to wake you, in case your nap causes an unwanted level of accompanying noise that
          your colleagues might hear. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Call-it-a-Day Alarm</dt>
        <dd>Tell Napsor when you want to leave in the afternoon so that you do not miss your gym
          appointment, weekly round of golf, or favorite TV show. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>VIP E-Mail Alarm</dt>
        <dd>Connect Napsor to your e-mail application and mark in your address book the people whose
          e-mails you need to answer immediately.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Slumber Statistics </dt>
        <dd>Capture statistics about the amount of resting time that you were able to get in a week and
          how often your peaceful slumber was disturbed. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Heart-rate Monitor</dt>
        <dd>Monitor your heart rate using any equipment that is supported by your smartphone. Analyze
          this data together with your statistics to find out when you should go on
          vacation.<!--Thank you Thomas for pointing out that this would be great combined with the Statistics function.--></dd>
      </dlentry>
    </dl>
    <hazardstatement type="danger">
      <messagepanel>
        <typeofhazard>Danger of Fatal Heart Attacks!</typeofhazard>
        <howtoavoid>Use our app to avoid burnout a long time before it can develop.</howtoavoid>
      </messagepanel>
    </hazardstatement>
    <section><title>Hardware Add-Ons</title>To make sure that you can spend your well-earned midday
      rest without disturbance, we offer two great extensions: <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Motion Sensor with Approximation Alarm</dt>
          <dd>Attach the optional motion sensor in a convenient place so that Napsor can inform you
            when someone approaches. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Door Opening Sensor with Approximation Alarm</dt>
          <dd>Connect the optional door opening sensor to your office door so that Napsor can inform
            you when your boss enters.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl><p>More add-ons will follow soon!</p></section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
